app/vmselect/netstorage: properly set max read size for metric name (#8764)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/single-server-victoriametrics/), `vminsert` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/cluster-victoriametrics/) and [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/): fix timeseries with empty timestamp and value in Datadog sketches API. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/8649).
* BUGFIX: [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/single-server-victoriametrics/), [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/), `vminsert` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/cluster-victoriametrics/): restore write concurrency limiter for data ingestion. The limiter was unintentionally removed in [v1.115.0](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/releases/tag/v1.115.0) and potentially could lead to increased memory usage in certain scenarios. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/8742).

> * BUGFIX: [vmselect](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/cluster-victoriametrics/) in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/cluster-victoriametrics/): properly return stats response for [metric query stats API]((https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#track-ingested-metrics-usage)). See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/8759) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [vmselect](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/cluster-victoriametrics/) in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/cluster-victoriametrics/): fix [metric query stats API]((https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#track-ingested-metrics-usage)) to correctly handle metric names longer than 256 bytes, respecting the `-maxLabelValueLen` flag. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/8759) for details.
```
